this week on marketplace a one-hour
special we're testing home repairmen
Jennifer can you give us a level please
wiring up a house with hidden cameras to
find out if we get charged for repairs
we don't need it's an electrical issue
it's a circuit board issue we're
watching what goes down as it happens
Hey will we get ripped off nine hundred
and ninety dollars if we do we're
calling them on it my name is Tom
Harrington yeah I want to get your
explanation about why you did that I
don't need to give you a solution you
won't believe what we catch on tape he
just peed in the cup
[Music]
in this pleasant Toronto neighborhood
everything seems to be fine but not in
this home inside there's a desperate
housewife going everywhere
desperate for a man with a tool belt the
water is constantly running the toilets
in trouble
the dishwashers down it's just making a
big mess and that's not all my garage
door isn't working
Jennifer's world is falling apart around
here her toilet tap dishwasher and
garage door apparently all need fixing
do you want just sending somebody fine
but have no fear okay great the
repairman will be here they'll rescue
Jennifer from her house of woe
or will they but there's something we
need to tell you about our desperate
housewife Jennifer doesn't live here
she works for marketplace can you give
us a level please check one two three
thank you
we've taken over this home we have the
place surrounded rigging it up with
hidden cameras with multiple cameras
when the repairman knocks we'll be
watching it all will he be honest
competent will he charge us for repairs
we don't need and what happens when we
leave him alone something else you need
to know there's nothing wrong with the
toilet the kitchen tap the dishwasher or
the garage door in order to test the
repairman we have to create a problem
for them we start with the toilet and
the tap
to help us out we call in reindeer
blundell a plumber we did come on in for
15 years he's been teaching plumbers at
Toronto's George Brown College how to do
the job right
Renee replaces a couple of parts in the
toilet some manufacturers recommend
replacing a toilet every 15 years Renier
says this one is older than that but it
works just fine it gives the top but
thumbs up to it doesn't variable it
doesn't leak then we get rid air to
create a simple problem in each one that
will be inexpensive and quick to repair
but now what we're going to do is we're
going to do a simple alteration to this
hose by loosening this hose here I can
actually cause the faucet to leak so see
how it's leaking out there so by putting
this inside now when the faucet is
turned on the leak will actually now
appear underneath now we've got a
problem but there's a simple fix first
thing he should do is know as a
professional plumber that this is a pull
out faucet he would turn that on see
that sleek and say oh it's leaking from
here it just needs to be tightened up I
tighten it up and the leaks off and just
like that problem solved let's go now
onto the toilet all our expert does is
tighten the chain connected to the
handle used to flush so now we have a
running toilet see how the water's
running continuously in the bowl that
that running toilet is the problem we
need fixed to solve the problem I would
take the chain off and give it slack
problem solved and he says the tight
chain is obvious the spot and we don't
need new parts to fix it
so we'll our water woe is be solved or
will our money go down the drain
Jenny okay are you good to go yeah any
minute a repairman will knock what do
you see Alicia we're on the street too
in our lookout car here comes our first
plumber hi he's here he's here Jen Bosco
Lumi we're watching from our video room
upstairs here he comes
if any of our plumbers get it wrong I'm
going down to ask why
[Music]
I'm Jennifer hi come on in
Thanks josh is from a company called
Bosco plumbing beautiful day out there
yeah will he figure out the simple fix
[Music]
sorry what did you see you did to the
chief it was too tight the chain was too
tight and it wasn't closing properly he
solved the problem by simply loosening
the chain the toilet stops running
everything's fine great okay that was
simple and he's not even charging us for
this one okay thank you
now for the tap my sink issue is under
the kitchen sink yeah there's a lot of
water down there okay even though he
doesn't check the hose he claims to know
the trouble cartridge rebuild its 327
watt then he says if that new part
doesn't work we'll need a new tap the
price $990
yeah could it be just an oversight or a
way to make money selling us an
unnecessary part time for me to let Josh
in and what he's missing I should tell
you this faucets actually fine I'm tall
hairy thing I work very shallow market
place at CDC we're doing a story about
services and various areas that people
need in their homes including plumbing
yeah we basically rigged this thing you
didn't even take this out we we just
loosen this yeah to make it leak see how
that's loose you didn't look at that
that's what the water is coming from
yeah yeah that could have cost us
hundreds of dollars then we learned
something about Josh which may explain
his mistake are your licensed plumber
I'm a fifth-year meaning he's not a
licensed plumber yet perhaps josh has
more to learn maybe a rookie mistake
or how would you describe what happened
probably overlooking mistake there
already we're finding out the price of
inexperience and finding out we could be
found out okay
we have liftoff our next plumber pulls
up right in front of our lookout car you
should see him now david is from royal
plumbing David hi I'm Jennifer take care
in no time he figures out the tap that's
my problem
oh hey
it's just loose I'll say me with pliers
he tightens up the connection and just
like that our taps as good as new
that was simple
but David isn't so quick to spot our
toilet trouble so what do you think my
problem isn't here he never checks the
chain thinks the problem is a busted
part in order to replace that part he
has to adjust the chain he's adjusted to
change so the problem should be solved
so by accident
David fixes it even though it's just $13
we didn't need that new part it's not a
big deal but what if it was a
hundred-dollar part right you know it
okay we've seen enough time to find out
what David's thinking okay so we'll give
him points for spotting us but why
didn't he spot the chain was too tight
there is it actually an easier solution
to the toilet they actually tightened
the chain on the flusher
that's why the water was running well
you know what I actually had to take off
the whole part so when I put it back I
didn't even notice if the chain was too
tight but I put it back in there put a
loser but David says it's an honest
mistake if I if I change one small part
it's a small part I don't want to rip
anybody off I don't want to get ripped
off myself thanks David
David's still curious about our lookout
and can't resist busting us
[Music]
our next plumber is from mr. Rooter a
national chain John is with a Toronto
franchise hi John how are you
[Music]
they just I'm tight it could just be
loose yeah okay found the problem right
away that's a good sign it's fixed now
it's time for John to check out the John
oh please
so he poo-poos our old toilet okay yeah
it is old but our expert says it's fine
but John says it needs an extreme
makeover we have to eBay's the parts
inside the tank you having fun the
flower and the flexible because this is
right we know why it's running and it's
not the parts all John has to do is
loosen the chain instead he gives us
three options the priciest one buy a new
toilet would be 793 and they have
special prices for members can you just
give me a minute
sure okay thanks I think that's your cue
time for me to head downstairs
let's see Marcos I'm tom Harrington on
the host and doing the story on plumbing
service and you're offering to pick
something that doesn't need to be thanks
or be saying don't show you these does
for you yes that's what that's why you
fixed that perfectly that was good we
show John what he's missed recommended a
new toilet and essentially the only
thing that's wrong here is we adjusted
the chain on the flusher so that it's
too tight my naughty PA right sink down
do the party motion but John you never
intended race but you never identified
the chain we're hearing you say let's
replace these parts they don't need
replacement they don't one of the things
I can ask you recommended replacing the
parts inside including that fill valve
which is brand new and we replaced
yesterday why would you replace that but
this is made in China and this is very
big cheap parts oh this is just
unbelievable cheap or not it's a part we
don't need
he leaves without charging us and thanks
John we're keeping our old toilet what
I'm saying is that understand the camera
when we come back
Marketplace's own kitchen nightmare he
just peed in the cup
[Music]
we're at a home in a quiet Toronto
neighborhood laying down a challenge to
repair men we've called a bunch of
repair companies but our test is really
about the skills and honesty of the
repairmen who come to the door that's my
problem in this case plumbers our
kitchen tap is leaking it just needs to
be tightened up and our toilet won't
stop running both are easily fixable I
would take the chain off give it slack
problem solved our expert Renier
blundell expects knowledgeable plumbers
to spot and solve them in minutes next
up for our housewife in distress is
Terry from drain rescue
[Music]
I've got a couple problems remember we
caused the leak all he has to do is
tighten it up to stop it
watch carefully though as he checks it
out I mean he took it apart with his
hand yeah so it should be tight so all
you have to do is really tighten it up
instead Terry is certain the tap needs
new parts because here
okay sorry and so you need to replace
what 100% go over all the gaskets here
otherwise it's gonna is gonna leak
caskets and that'll set us back two
hundred and forty seven dollars and
Terry's not finished if it is leaking
from this pipe from up top there's no
way of fixing it you would have to get a
new a new faucet huh a new faucet
he says he'll need to investigate
further my other problem is some you can
probably hear it it's the toilet in the
bathroom there if he loses the chain
we've tightened the toilet stops running
but that's not his solution the flapper
hole the flapper valve needs to be
replaced nothing wrong all this work we
don't need is going to cost us
okay so altogether I'm looking at about
$500 Wow
can you just give me a minute okay
thanks I'll be right back
as Terry gets to work I head downstairs
my name is Tom Harry marketplace at CBC
we're doing a story on service
industries like the plumbing and things
like that and this is a simple face
that's a the chain on the flusher we
just tightened it so perfectly yeah but
she didn't change it to the chain is
tight we had a we had a plumber do this
ourselves and same with the faucet out
here I'll show you what we did we show
Terry the simple fix he missed but he
still thinks there's a leak somewhere
else that Terry we go we set this up we
know why it's leaking it leaks because
that was loosened all you do is tighten
that it would have stopped there's
nothing else wrong with a sink or this
faucet nothing zero it was perfect
yesterday so we're - why do we need a
and why do we need a new gasket in here
that's leaking but it don't you know
what happen what would you do if you
tighten that but how do I know before I
touch anything right I have to make
Diagnostics right you didn't screw that
at the beginning though right and took
it apart and had a quick look at it
sorry Terry but the hidden camera
footage tells us what happened he isn't
happy with our test or our cameras all
the sudden the camera showed the
physical Juvia okay I understand it's a
big surprise but we understand your
surprise I just want to know why you're
suggesting those things that's all why
he says yeah we're is suggesting those
fixes when we know that there's no
problems with either of those things
because I did in order for me see again
I don't forget to say anything I have to
do they blasters without a thing if they
had gnostics I cannot tell you exactly
what the problem is but he had no
trouble giving us a quote for five
hundred dollars that tells us he made a
diagnosis our final bill is $45 a whole
lot less than we could have paid
[Music]
mom this is our guys okay great we see
them in the outside shot Thanks
okay rotor we're our next plumber is
with another national chain called
roto-rooter Robert is from a local
franchise so I've got a pile of water
under the sink here Thanks
no he takes a quick peek under the sink
runs the water for a few seconds
seems like he's made up his mind the
faucet is what cook cooked the faucets
cooked what does that mean okay he's
looked at the hose he's seen the leak
remember all he has to do was tighten
the hose connect it to the faucet I'm
gonna try to fix it up for you but okay
general you know what a nice nice
kitchen it's just nobody else to say
that quality-wise esprit de corps
so is he saying it's fixable or is the
better solution a new fancier tap that's
the way our expert sees it he's trying
to upsell her on a faucet thing she
doesn't need what will he tell us about
the toilet what do you see he says
nothing about the chain being too tight
only some adjustments initially okay he
says it needs a small part and there's
something else it's a bad toilet change
there's nothing wrong with that toilet
is he just trying to drum up extra
business Renier says we shouldn't wait
to find out I would get ready to stop
him he's about to start taking this
thing apart you sure yeah uncertainty
that estoppel
[Music]
I just as I arrived he figures out the
simple fix I'll just tighten it all okay
then he heads to the toilet to replace
the part we don't need so now I stopped
him before you do that um there's
something you should know
[Music]
my name's Tom hurry to network first
Oakland arket place and we're doing a
story on services and this toilets
perfectly fine the only problem with the
toilet is the chain well we're just
trying to freeze until you can't just
tell us why you're replacing somebody
doesn't need to be replaced even if it's
dirty doesn't matter as long as it works
right like that all I know is that the
chain here on the flusher if you just
adjust that the water would stop running
and that will be the problem right the
the problem the solution was pretty
simple change the farther than speaking
right it wasn't leaking but it's already
been changed and it works now we know
the parts just $10 we just want to make
sure Robert made an honest mistake when
he missed the chains I don't understand
well obviously we just want you to just
trying to figure go to ruder and what
you want to figure out right whether why
the company clearly Robert is not happy
with our tests but we're still wondering
why he suggested we buy a new tab I'm
gonna pay you today Robert says he gave
us the kind of service any good plumber
would provide
as we close the door of the plumbers
we're now testing dishwasher repairman
there's no word for the water to go but
we know why the dishwasher isn't working
Steve Rattner remarkably it's because of
this guy he's gonna set up our test but
first he gives it a clean bill of health
and your view of this machine is in
perfect working order I haven't been
able to find the slightest thing wrong
with it
Steve Brennan's been fixing appliances
for more than 30 years sounds like a
perfectly you know good while operating
machine for me we asked Steve to create
a common problem any dishwasher
repairman worth is soap and easily
thinks something very simple we're gonna
plug up that drink it all Steve does is
clog the hose with bits of paper napkin
just like that it can happen with food
or other material so you should be able
to reach in with a screwdriver basically
yeah very basically clear it with a
screwdriver and there you go and it's
clear anyone coming in to checking it
should have that problem fixed in five
to ten minutes tops question is will the
repairmen drain Jennifer's dishwasher or
her wallet
[Music]
here's our first call how are you
dishwasher yeah it's not draining
Daniels from Toronto appliance service
and seems to have an instinct for what's
wrong after just two minutes the gray
stuff oh yeah what is it
he's done the blood
he's done in minutes just as our expert
Steve predicted same story with our next
repairman hi how are you doing good
thanks Bobby and his partner are from
neighborhood appliance service faster
than the rinse cycle problem solved so
what was the problem
stop YouTube well that's two for two so
far these dishwasher repairmen
are clean as a whistle while they can
drain the water are you can they hold
their water
it's a dishwasher right there there's
water in the bottom no okay thank you
very much you're the expert oh let you
yeah just let me know if you need me
I'll be in the next room
Jerry of express appliance service looks
like another winner
all right to the person before well okay
as Steve predicted the repair takes only
a couple of minutes
well that was fast the question is will
he try and do something else
yeah he does have something else to do
clapping the hose been hitting the drain
button
in more ways than one he's looking off
to the other room for some really he's
also taken a cup he just peed in the cup
then he empties the cup in the sink
rinses it and puts it back hey that's
the color I used to put my tea bag okay
honestly truth or dare
ever done that not even in my own house
little did we know we needed to tell him
where to find the bathroom
that's cleaning up glad to see that just
make sure we watch everything on that
counter and if you think that's the last
thing we'll have to clean up think again
[Music]
coming up oh he's gonna take a leak and
things get soggy
in the kitchen wait a mess I would stop
about
[Music]
we're testing dishwasher repairman
that's because we stuffed the drain hose
with a paper napkin let's go win our
next repairman Mahesh figure it out
[Music]
let's hope he doesn't work as slowly as
he drives okay good
thanks okay Janice is our guy hi how are
you
come on in if you don't mind I'm gonna
let you just have a look at it okay
remember this is supposed to be a quick
fix we've seen it before it takes two
seconds to take that connector off put
it into a bucket and see if it's
draining but it hasn't done that mm-hmm
he hasn't done clogged the drain instead
he keeps putting more water in the
machine and that's causing another
problem he comes
vizor so much water on the floor there
uh-huh because he's overfilled the
dishwasher it was full to begin with it
takes in 20 minutes but he does finally
unclog the drain but there's still water
on the floor and Steve says we should be
worried huh you might worry a bit more
about liability if this guy runs your
kitchen floors you can of pony up the
dough is he gonna have a generator I
would stop him I would stop him enough
to me this is in incompetence
how's it going hi how are you I'm with a
show called marketplace from CBC and
we're just doing a story on repair
people and how good they are and what
kind of service you get Mahesh is the
first repairman to create a water
problem we want to know why he claims
plug drains are rare with this type of
dishwasher so he was investigating other
possible causes so did you make a
mistake or no our expert thinks he did
make a simple fix complicated but Mahesh
says he was worried there might still be
a leak somewhere else that's why he says
he didn't just unplug the drain take our
money and run removing it ending up
unplug it and that's it by these things
now let's finish up and Jennifer will
pay you on his way out
Mahesh tells us he's just gone into
business for himself and we find out he
doesn't have insurance so remember the
next time the appliance repairman Knox
makes sure you're covered
[Music]
back inside the dishwasher is purring
like a kitten
but now our housewife is desperate to
fix a new problem the remote control is
on the fritz but you've probably guessed
by now there's nothing really wrong with
the garage door Tom Adams has been
working in the garage door business for
more than a decade Hey hi Tom how you
doing nice to meet you thanks for coming
you're welcome that's sure okay we asked
him to install a brand new system so we
know it's working perfectly
there we go done to test garage door
repair man tom makes two little tweaks
so the remote control won't work first
he pushes this button which locks the
system the remote controls when they
operate the door won't move them so
severe it's like there's there's no way
you can misunderstand it this is the
problem the flashing light tells you
it's locked
simply pressing and holding the button
reactivates it and the problems gone
next the sensors at the bottom of the
door a misaligned the beam that's the
normal condition the green lights on
permanent we're just going to misalign
it so flicker that flickering light
means there's a problem with those
sensors and there you go press the
buttons you press the remote control the
garage door will close all the repairman
has to do is line them up properly the
first thing you would do would be to
realign the green sensor should be a
very simple fix we're good to go we're
good to go let's go tom says a good
repairman should spot these troubles and
fix them in minutes I think our guy is
here we can see it
there we go jason has his own company JP
overhead door that's not working and he
get a handle on what's wrong with our
remote I just can't get it to come down
you already see it okay right away he
notices the lock button is engaged
yeah that's flashing yeah okay someone's
engaged this oh so if you hold this for
three seconds yeah I am next step the
sensors yeah he discovers they're
off-kilter this guy is great faster than
you can say Open Sesame
jason has the garage door in working
order oh geez
[Laughter]
and James from Doublestar garage doors
figures it out - it's a simple problem
is easy to fix
easy okay is this too easy
there's nothing wrong with his system
when we come back and leader oh he's
gonna take a leak
not everyone passes the garage test you
didn't have to do that
we're testing garage door repair men
well we have to pay for unnecessary
repairs that's because our expert Tom
Adams misaligned these sensors press the
buttons you press the remote control the
garage door will close all the repairman
has to do is align them so far two
repairman have figured it out easy to
fix
yes I see neither charged more than a
hundred bucks shining stars but might
this be too good to be true here comes
mark
halation what are you seeing there's a
pickup truck that's just parking right
outside and we see him okay he's with
door master a national chain he works
out of the North York franchise so
here's the remote huh I mean precedent
goes an inch reverses quite well nothing
really happened you press it yeah after
a quick inspection he says he knows what
the problem is I'm starting to click
clicks and it's not doing what you want
it to do it's an electrical issue it's a
circuit board issue what a circuit board
that's the computer that runs the system
and it's expensive any power surges of
power outages will damage the circuit
board okay you should have a power surge
can fry a circuit board but it's pretty
rare and we know that's not our problem
remember the flashing light tells you
the sensor is offline is he missing it
or ignoring it watch what happens when
Jennifer leaves what's he doing in the
garage now this will be good he's
looking at dissenters he appears to look
right at them
remember all he has to do is a
realignment no parts needed
but when Jennifer comes back he shows
her the circuit board this is what needs
to be replaced no we don't need a new
circuit board it's brand new replacing
it's gonna cost 200 bucks okay now watch
this before he replaces our brand-new
circuit board with his own he goes right
to the sensors see now he's fixing the
sensor the real cause of our problems
okay he knew right away with us
that's was the problem he's checking the
other sensor wait for it wait for it
whatever is going on he's installed a
new circuit board we want ours back I'm
garage bound um my name is Tom
Harrington yeah and I work for shortcut
marketplace let me see yeah and so we're
doing a story on service garage services
there's nothing wrong with the circuit
board that's a brand new unit we
installed yesterday okay no need to do
it okay well that's normally why I go by
process of elimination
like I just explained to you if it's
making certain noise of doing certain
things then you replace whatever needs
to be done we point out these simple
solutions mark seems to forget or
deliberately ignored but he denies the
sensor light was flashing that life was
flashing when you got here the light was
solid no it's doing what it was doing
now we know the light was flashing when
Mark got here maybe he didn't see it and
when Jennifer left the garage you went
back there and did something okay y'all
making sure everything was all aligned
that's what you do when you punish it
didn't look like that's the way so
ultimately I will take the circuit board
out doesn't bother to mean okay thank
you okay yeah but mark doesn't take out
the circuit board he put in I'm gonna
leave it in there because I'm not even I
don't want to deal with any of this or
the other cameras he says he's doing his
job and not trying to sell us needless
parts I might have been mistaken and I
replaced a circuit board before checking
everything properly right okay dad I do
agree with you explained it they made a
mistake okay fair enough but it looked
to us like there was something else
going on yeah I understand where it's
coming from but when you pawned a
circuit board you make sure everything's
all aligned then there so you know
there's there's nothing I can say but I
fixed what I thought needed to be fixed
okay that's all
we catch our breath after marks visit
and reinstall our original circuit board
but for the first time there's this
feeling our garage door might be an
opening to real trouble
I think this is our guy he's pulling
into the driveway right now okay there
we go up next there's rim from Promaster
okay the remotes not working yeah and
the keypads not working I just can't get
it to come down it looks as if he's
going to figure this out
it's supposed to be always solid it's
supposed to be always solid yeah okay
okay but guess what he says the cause of
the problem is probably get sued or
something here we go another circuit
board probably the surge that there's
something so that's why he said a surge
thing again yeah okay this is weird
it seems Ram is following the same
script we just heard from mark my advice
to you hater less than face yeah and the
cost to fix our problem is in the
hundreds this is an instant replay of
the other yeah fellow we don't work and
are you confident that's what the
problem is it couldn't be anything else
you've been doing this for the last
seven years for everyday yeah okay
thanks I'll be right back
makes you wonder how many unnecessary
circuit boards he might have sold over
that time okay I gotta go
is this a scam enough sell or is he just
missing something
whatever's going on time to pay rim the
visit there's something you need to know
about what we're doing here this is not
a typical garage door fix my name is tom
Harrington I'm a reporter with
marketplace and we're doing a story on
garage door services and there's nothing
wrong with this system and why would you
make a diagnosis that I needed a certain
for it I want to get your explanation
about why you did that we don't need any
of that in here at all up we really
don't give you a solution why not I
don't need to give you explanation
that's my opinion
a few days but we don't need one it's
brand-new it's literally how did you die
behind your diagnosis being a look at it
if when I get there if I diagnose it and
see the circuit board is good then I'll
tell you the circuit board is good so is
there any reason why we contacted those
last two companies after we've seen many
complaints online about the work they do
but after setting up the service calls
we find out something else our expert
Tom Adams has been openly critical of
both companies so what will happen when
the next repairman knocks what are you
seeing right now okay
hi Adam nice to meet you yeah okay go
ahead and have a look Adam is from
access garage doors well he spot the
obvious sign the flashing light on the
sensor almost immediately he seems to
look right down at it here's the remote
it's just not working doesn't he see the
flashing light is he seeing something
else something he's not telling Jennifer
we're not sure and then just like the
last two repairmen Adam says the problem
is wait for it you think it's a circuit
board problem yeah okay
lightning usually lightning or a power
surge how about get ready for it yep
okay I'll be in the house maybe just
give me a knock as soon as she leaves
taking the circuit board oh there's no
reason to do this he hasn't diagnosed
the problem at all or has he before he
tackles the circuit board Adam goes to
the sensors look left pretty so he's
adjusting his sensors now
and the other one okay at this point you
should be plugging the thing back in and
going hey look it works like tom says
adjust the sensors fix the problem but
wait till you see the next piece of
equipment he deals with oh he's going to
take a leak when we come back that's
right there's a leak in the garage
[Music]
what's up with our garage door nothing
really
we've just rigged it so it's not working
properly trying to find out if the
repairman we call will be honest
competent or neither give a card Adam
Adam is from a company called access
garage doors to fix our door all he has
to do is line up these sensors no parts
required instead he says we need an
expensive new circuit board but first
he's got another important task he's
taken a leak
oh my god Adams doing his business in a
bucket on the floor I don't to say about
this at all oh my god just don't shake
his hand when he leaves Adam gets back
to other urgent matters like replacing
the circuit board we don't need so this
is taken care of once more into the
breach time for a chat with Adam about
his work starting with why he's replaced
a working circuit board my name is Tom
Harrington nothing with market place at
CBC and we're looking at garage door
installers hey you didn't have to do
that you'd have to do what do you relate
that circuit board the circuit board in
there was brand new he didn't have to
replace it I just checked it before when
I first came here it was brand new I
wasn't sure was Adam insists he did
everything by the book this is what I
bagged my experience at UM's says the
light on the sensor was not flashing we
know it was flashing remember that's the
obvious sign of the problem was flashing
when you came in
I can't art well I'm not gonna argue
well I don't see you're lying to me but
that's sir how it feels was flashing
when you came in it was like before he
takes off we tell him to put back our
circuit board he does and tries to prove
he's right our circuit board is shot
this is the way it was working an hour
ago yeah well there's something fishy
about that Adam he leaves but tells us
he's left our board in the unit
that was very strange now I really need
a repair mr. bourbon he did something to
this board our repairman takes a look
and you won't believe this
Tom I hate to tell you this but this is
not the circuit board that I installed
in this operator what unbelievable
oh man naturally we'd like our circuit
board back so we get the company on the
phone he took our new one with him can
you make sure he gets we get that back
please no need we let our expert handle
that a few days later Adam returns our
circuit board this one's ours who knew a
run-of-the-mill garage door repaired
could turn into such an ordeal but
remember this is a snapshot in one city
we're not saying all repair men or their
companies are bad keep this in mind
though when the repairman knocks be
ready for anything good or bad oh and
tell them where the bathroom is
[Music]
next week on marketplace it was just in
shock
I'm frustrated on ticked off the tricky
world of travel health insurance did you
ever think for a second that your dad
wouldn't be covered through his
insurance on hidden camera travel agents
give dangerous advice as long as you
have no complications with that well
that's just simply wrong imagine paying
for a product that could cost your life
savings
three hundred forty six thousand dollars
we're in financial ruin this cries out
for some accountability join Erica
Johnson and me every Friday night at
8:00 8:30 in Newfoundland on Marketplace
[Music]